Add contribution guide with release instructions (#7)
projectsyn/getting-started-commodore-defaults: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

This code repository is part of Project Syn and the contribution guide at
https://syn.tools/syn/about/contribution_guide.html does apply.

Submit Pull Requests at https://github.com/projectsyn/getting-started-commodore-defaults/pulls.

## Releasing

> This repo should be tagged with the matching [Commodore version](https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore/releases). The [Getting Started Guide](https://syn.tools/syn/tutorials/getting-started.html) should be updated with the newly released version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags in this repository should be used to specify the [Commodore version](https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore/releases) with which the configuration has been written/tested.
The tags are used in the [Getting Started Guide](https://syn.tools/syn/tutorials/getting-started.html) to ensure a matching Commodore version and default configuration are used.

When updating this repository, you should check if the  [Getting Started Guide](https://syn.tools/syn/tutorials/getting-started.html) needs to be updated as well.
```
